1. What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
ANS.- The Benefits of Using Bootstrap Framework
      Easy to prevent repetitions among multiple projects. Responsive design that can be used
      to adapt screen sizes and choose what shows and what doesn't on any given device.
      Maintaining consistency among projects when using multiple developer teams.


2. What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
Ans-  Containers
      Containers are a fundamental building block of Bootstrap
      that contain, pad, and align your content within a given device or viewport.
      Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when
      using our default grid system. Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center
      the content within them. While containers   can be nested, most layouts do not require a nested container.


3. What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
Ans- Bootstrap 5 Default Settings
     Bootstrap 5 uses a default font-size of 1rem (16px by default), and its line-height is 1.5. In addition,
     all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).


4. What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
Ans- Use our powerful mobile-first flexbox grid to build layouts of all shapes and sizes thanks to
     a twelve column system, five default responsive tiers, Sass variables and mixins, and dozens of predefined
     classes.


5. What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5 
Ans-  Bootstrap 4
      The Bootstrap 4 form has jquery.
      Bootstrap 4 has less collection of colors.
      Browsers restrictions.
      It has 5 tier grid system.
      The APIs cannot be customized.
      The positioning feature is absent.
      Less CSS usability.
      
      Bootstrap 5
      The jquery is not utilized in Bootstrap 5.
      Has vibrant and more colors available.
      Bootstrap 5 improved the browser restriction.
      It has 6 tier grid system.
      Allows modifying APIs or develop own API.


6. What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group? 
Ans- “Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create series of
      buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or horizontally.
      This is the basic syntax of the button group class where each button has its own class of “btn”.

       
7. How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
Ans- This chapter discusses about Bootstrap thumbnails. A lot of sites 
     need a way to lay out images, videos, text, etc, in a grid, and Bootstrap has an easy way to do this with thumbnails.
      To create thumbnails using Bootstrap −
     Add an <a> tag with the class of .thumbnail around an image.
     This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
     On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.


8. In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Ans- Flexbox. The biggest difference between Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4 is that Bootstrap 4 now uses flexbox,
      instead of floats,to handle the layout.
      The Flexible Box Layout Module, makes it easier to design flexible responsive layout structure without using float or positioning.

 
9. How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Ans- Before or after performing an action, we frequently encounter specific notifications on some websites.
      These alert messages are highlighted text that should be taken into account when executing a task.
      Using preset classes in Bootstrap, these alert messages can be displayed on the website.
     Approach: The .alert class followed by contextual classes are used to display the alert message on website.
      The alert classes are: .alert-success, .alert-info, .alert-warning
     alert-danger, .alert-primary, .alert-secondary, .alert-light and .alert-dark. We can use .alert-warning to create warn
     ing notification alerts in bootstrap.


10. What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
Ans- A card is a flexible and extensible content container. It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content,
     contextual background colors, and powerful display options.
     If you’re familiar with Bootstrap 3, cards replace our old panels, wells, and thumbnails. Similar functionality to those
     components is available as modifier classes for cards.
     Cards are built with as little markup and styles as possible, but still manage to deliver a ton of control and customization.
     Built with flexbox, they offer easy alignment and mix well with other Bootstrap components. They have no margin by default,
     so use spacing utilities as needed.
     Below is an example of a basic card with mixed content and a fixed width. Cards have no fixed width to start, so they’ll
     naturally fill the full width of its parent element.This is easily customized with our various sizing options.