MODULE: 2 (CSS and CSS 3)


1.What are the benefits of using CSS?
Ans.- CSS is used to style and layout web pages
    — for example, to alter the font, color, size, and spacing of your content, split it into multiple columns, or add animations and other decorative features.
      Using CSS, we can control the color of the text, the style of fonts, the spacing between paragraphs, how columns are sized and laid out, etc.
      CSS saves time− we can write CSS once and then reuse the same sheet in multiple HTML pages.


2.What are the disadvantages of CSS?
Ans.- Disadvantages of CSS-

     a)CSS, CSS 1 up to CSS3, result in creating of confusion among  web browsers.
     b)With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with another. 
     c)After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear. The similar change affects on all the browsers.
     d)The programing language world is complicated for non-developers and beginners.
       Different levels of CSS i.e. CSS, CSS 2, CSS 3 are often quite confusing.
     e) Browser compatibility (some styles sheet are supported and some are not).
     f)CSS works differently on different browsers. IE and Opera supports CSS as different logic.

3.What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
Ans.-1)CSS3 is split into many various documents known as Modules.
            each module adds new capability or extends options outlined in CSS2 over conserving backward compatibility. 
     Work on CSS3 started around the time of publication of the initial CSS2 recommendation.
     2)The CSS3 version supports more browsers than CSS2.
     3)CSS3 introduces several new selectors. Those new selectors square measure largely in an exceeding type of pseudo-elements and pseudo-categories.

4.Name a few CSS style components ?
Ans.-The components of css style are:-
     1)Selecter:HTML element name, id name, class name.
     2)Property:It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc.
     3)Values:which defines property or values allocate for properties.

5.What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Ans.-The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.


6.How can the background color of an element be changed? 
Ans.-How to Change a Div Background Color:-
     Add a CSS class to the div you'd like to change. First, find the div in your HTML code and add a class to the opening tag. 
     Add the new class selector to your CSS code. Next, head over to your CSS code and add your new class selector.
     Choose a new background color.

7.How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
Ans.-To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property.
            we can use no-repeat value for the background-repeat property if we do not want to repeat an image, in this case, the image will display only once.


8.What is the use of the background-position property? 
Ans.-The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image.

9.Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
Ans.-The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

10.Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
Ans.-There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, 
             and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

11.How to center block elements using CSS1? 
Ans.-With css the way to center anything that's a block level element is with the margin property.
           One of the values of margin is auto and by setting auto on the left and right margin our block level element will center itself.

12.How to maintain the CSS specifications? 
Ans.-The CSS specifications are maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).


13.What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page? 
Ans.-CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways: Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements.
            Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section. External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

14.What is embedded style sheets?
Ans.-Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place.
            This is done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.

15.What are the external style sheets? 
Ans.-An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.
            Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet. The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.


16.What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
Ans.-The advantages of External Style Sheets are as follows :

     1.With the help of External Style Sheets, the styles of numerous documents can be organized from one single file.
     2.In External Style Sheets, Classes can be made for use on numerous HTML element types in many forms of the site.
     3.In complex contexts, Methods like selector and grouping can be implemented to apply styles.

     The disadvantages of External Style Sheets are as follows :

     1.An extra download is essential to import style information for each file.
     2.The execution of the file may be deferred till the external style sheet is loaded.
     3.While implementing style sheets, we need to test Web pages with multiple browsers in order to check compatibility issues. 

17.What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
Ans.-A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell
     the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

18.What are the media types allowed by CSS?
Ans.-CSS 2.1 defines the following media groups:
     1.continuous or paged.
     2.visual, audio, speech, or tactile.
     3.grid, or bitmap.
     4.interactive  or static.

19.What is the rule set? 
Ans.-A collection of rules or signatures that network traffic or system activity is compared against to determine an action to take
     —such as forwarding or rejecting a packet, creating an alert, or allowing a system event.
  



     
    
